# Swing-The-Mood-Player
Often people find themselves in different moods and choose their downtime activities like listening to music, reading, etc. based on that. Our application tries to provide a new user experience for this. We detect our user’s moods through our emotion recognition and select activities based on their preferences. We strive to please our users and get them in a more relaxing mood regardless of any age group they might fall in, our application might soothe them with some music or even motivate them with an article. Many companies have already tried to implement this idea for business purposes. Emotion recognition is used for a variety of reasons. Affectiva uses it to help advertisers and content creators to sell their products more effectively. Affectiva also makes a Q-sensor that gauges the emotions of autistic children. Emotient was a startup company which utilized artificial intelligence to predict "attitudes and actions based on facial expressions". Apple indicated its intention to buy Emotient in January 2016. InViso provides real-time emotion recognition for web and mobile applications through a real-time API.  Visage Technologies AB offers emotion estimation as a part of their Visage SDK for marketing and scientific research and similar purposes. Eyeris is an emotion recognition company that works with embedded manufacturers including car makers and social robotic companies on integrating its face analytics and emotion recognition software; as well as with video content creators to help them measure the perceived effectiveness of their short and long form video creative. Emotion recognition and emotion analysis are being studied by companies and universities around the world. There have been many apps that play music based on your mood but we are here to not only cheer up your day but to show you how much better your day can go with swing. Swing is java based android application that will bring about a change in its user’s lives through its new innovations and its rejuvenating experiences.
